fix: reformat template (#204)
open-sauced/guestbook: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Contributors checklist (check all applicable)

> ### I've read through the [Getting Started](https://github.com/open-sauced/guestbook#getting-started) section.

Reviewer: @BekahHW we'll remove the Getting Started section as we now have it at the intro course that you've just merged. Do we better use that link instead?

```suggestion
### I've read through the [Getting Started](https://intro.opensauced.pizza/#/05-how-to-contribute-to-open-source?id=getting-started) section.
```
